[ML-OB] document submit_evaluation_for API in the Python SDK (#27075)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/llm_observability/setup/sdk/python.md

## Evaluations

> The LLM Observability SDK provides the methods `LLMObs.export_span()` and `LLMObs.submit_evaluation()` to help your traced LLM application submit evaluations to LLM Observability.

Reviewer: we probably wanna keep a reference to the old function and mention that it's deprecated so that if someone tries to go back to our docs to find it they aren't too confused.

> The LLM Observability SDK provides the method `LLMObs.submit_evaluation_for()` and s `LLMObs.export_span()` to help your traced LLM application submit evaluations to LLM Observability.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The LLM Observability SDK provides the methods `LLMObs.submit_evaluation_for()` and `LLMObs.export_span()` to help your traced LLM application submit evaluations to LLM Observability.
```

> Evaluations must be joined to a unique span. You can identify the target span using either of these two methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Evaluations must be joined to a single span. You can identify the target span using either of these two methods:
```

> 1. Tag based joining - Join an evaluation using a unique key-value tag pair that is set on a single span. The evaluation will fail to join if the tag key-value pair matches multiple spans or no spans.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Tag-based joining - Join an evaluation using a unique key-value tag pair that is set on a single span. The evaluation will fail to join if the tag key-value pair matches multiple spans or no spans.
```
(Feel free to ignore if the term isn't hyphenated in the UI or other areas.)

> 1. Tag based joining - Join an evaluation using a custom tag key-value pair that uniquely identifies a single span. The evaluation will fail to join if the tag key-value pair matches multiple spans or no spans.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Tag based joining - Join an evaluation using a unique key-value tag pair that is set on a single span. The evaluation will fail to join if the tag key-value pair matches multiple spans or no spans.
```

2. Direct span reference - join an evaluation using the span's unique trace ID and span ID combination.

### Submit evaluations

`LLMObs.submit_evaluation_for()` can be used to submit your custom evaluation associated with a given span.

> <div class="alert alert-info"><code>LLMObs.submit_evaluation</code> is deprecated and will be removed in ddtrace 3.0.0. As an alternative to <code>`LLMObs.submit_evaluation`</code>, use <code>LLMObs.submit_evaluation_for</code>.</div>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info"><code>LLMObs.submit_evaluation</code> is deprecated and will be removed in ddtrace 3.0.0. As an alternative, use <code>LLMObs.submit_evaluation_for</code>.</div>
```

> <div class="alert alert-info"><code>`LLMObs.submit_evaluation`</code> is deprecated and will be removed in ddtrace 3.0.0. As an alternative to <code>`LLMObs.submit_evaluation`</code>, use <code>`LLMObs.submit_evaluation_for`</code>.</div>

Reviewer 3: I would recommend removing `<code></code>`, looks redundant with the backticks

Author: the backticks weren't working within the div so i added <code></code> but forgot to remove the backticks

Reviewer 3: Coolio

: required - _string or numeric type_
<br />The value of the evaluation. Must be a string (`metric_type==categorical`) or integer/float (`metric_type==score`).

`span`
: required - _dictionary_

> <br />A dictionary that uniquely identifies the span associated with this evaluation. Must contain span_id (string) and trace_id (string). Use [LLMObs.export_span()](#exporting-a-span) to generate this dictionary.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<br />A dictionary that uniquely identifies the span associated with this evaluation. Must contain span_id (string) and trace_id (string). Use [`LLMObs.export_span()`](#exporting-a-span) to generate this dictionary.
```

> <br />A dictionary that uniquely identifies the span associated with this evaluation. Must contain span_id (string) and trace_id (string). Use [`LLMObs.export_span()`](#exporting-a-span) to generate this dictionary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<br />A dictionary that uniquely identifies the span associated with this evaluation. Must contain `span_id` (string) and `trace_id` (string). Use [`LLMObs.export_span()`](#exporting-a-span) to generate this dictionary.
```

`span_with_tag_value`
: required - _dictionary_

> <br />A dictionary that uniquely identifies the span associated with this evaluation. Must contain tag_key (string) and tag_value (string).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<br />A dictionary that uniquely identifies the span associated with this evaluation. Must contain `tag_key` (string) and `tag_value` (string).
```

`ml_app`
: required - _string_
<br />The name of the ML application.

`timestamp_ms`
: optional - _integer_

> <br />The unix timestamp in milliseconds when the evaluation metric result was generated. If not provided, the current time will be used.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<br />The unix timestamp in milliseconds when the evaluation metric result was generated. If not provided, this defaults to the current time.
```

@llm(model_name="claude", name="invoke_llm", model_provider="anthropic")
def llm_call():
    completion = ... # user application logic to invoke LLM

    # joining an evaluation to a span via a tag key-value pair
    msg_id = get_msg_id()
    LLMObs.annotate(
        tags = {'msg_id': msg_id}
    )

>     LLMObs.submit_evaluation(

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    LLMObs.submit_evaluation_for(
```

        span_with_tag_value = {
            "tag": "msg_id",

>             "value": msg_id

Reviewer 3: Is this the correct dict key names?

Author: Ah no, thanks for catching

    return completion
{{< /code-block >}}

### Exporting a span

> `LLMObs.export_span()` can be used to extract the span context from a span. You'll need to use this method to associate your evaluation with the corresponding span.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`LLMObs.export_span()` can be used to extract the span context from a span. This method is helpful for associating your evaluation with the corresponding span.
```

Reviewer 3: Also, is there a reason we moved this to after `submit_evaluation_for()`? To me it is more helpful to order these in the sequence that a user will be using them

Reviewer 3: That reasoning is fine with me, thanks for clarifying!
